Don't worry.
Don't worry, your man is already big.
I have been in South East Asia for many years
No one speaks wildly
You are the first.
I don't care if you fall for it or your apprentice falls for it
The person said was found dead on the spot
Master Zhang, you have been fooled
What talent does that trash have?
Who said no?
Don't laugh, I'll take you as my disciple now
Please teach that Master Zhang a lesson for me
What nonsense are you talking about?
Where will I see Mao Dushi?
Don't worry.
If you dare not serve it yourself, you will harm the cigar.
Are you still a man?
Did your family see it clearly this time?
This is not worth trusting at all
Stop arguing and you'll know if you compare
Choose a rough stone each and go to the ground.
If you lose, I will destroy you and enter the house
What if I win?
If you win, 10 on the spot is not enough for me
That plus whether I have enough door-to-door
Plus your life is good
Why aren't you picking jobs?
What were you thinking?
How could I do this?
Since I said you are headless, I will naturally teach you
Are you crazy?
Even if you are a poisoner
Master, it's too late now
Who said it's too late
You watch it
conspicuous